feat(vps-reinstall): new resource to be able to reinstall VPS server (#1015)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: docs/resources/vps.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `display_name` - Custom display name

> * `image_id` (String) Id of the vps.Image fetched in /images list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `image_id`  - (String) Id of the VPS. Image fetched in /images list
```

> * `image_id` (String) Id of the VPS. Image fetched in /images list

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `image_id` (String) Id of the image to install on the VPS
```

  * `configuration` - (Optional) Representation of a configuration item for personalizing product
    * `label` - (Required) Identifier of the resource
    * `value` - (Required) Path to the resource in api.ovh.com

> * `public_ssh_key` (String) Public SSH key to pre-install on your VPS - if set, then `image_id` also have to be set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `public_ssh_key` - (String) Public SSH key to pre-install on your VPS - if set, then `image_id` also have to be set
```

> * `public_ssh_key` - (String) Public SSH key to pre-install on your VPS - if set, then `image_id` also have to be set

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `public_ssh_key` - (String) Public SSH key to pre-install on your VPS - if set, then `image_id` must also be set
```
